README.rst, before:

Samples
=========

Templates and code snippets for various projects, so creating a new project
does not have to start from scratch

html
----

html5_base.html
  A barebone html5 file

jquery_mobile_base
  A skeleton of jquery mobile web application. You can decide to use the
  development version or the production version of the jquery libraries.

python
------

cherrypy_web_server.py
  A simple web server using CherryPy. It's good for prototyping REST API.

func_with_test.py
  A template for creating functions or classes with unit tests. It's mainly
  used for rapid protyping several functions or classes.

script_template.py
  A template for a python script. It has loggers and parsers boilerplate
  ready.

simple_no_logging_script_template.py
  A template for a python script without using the logging module. It has a
  parser boilerplate.

sqlalchemy_project
  A starter project for sqlalchemy.

web_client.py
  A simple command line web client. I know curl is the best, but doing it in
  python has much more fun!

java
-----
app-configuration
  A way to solve loading of application properties at runtime by Johannes
  Brodwall. Source:
  http://www.javacodegeeks.com/2014/10/dead-simple-configuration.html
  
javascript
----------
nodejs
~~~~~~
simple-http-server
******************
A sample of simple http server using httpdispatcher

Commit message:

[python][script_with_subparsers_template.py] A template for a script with subparsers
Test Plan:

  $ python script_with_subparsers_template.py --help
  usage: script_with_subparsers_template.py [-h] [--debug] {action1,action2} ...

  Put some description of the script here

  optional arguments:
    -h, --help         show this help message and exit
    --debug

  Subcommands:
    Some description for subcommands

    {action1,action2}
      action1          Help for action1
      action2          Help for action2

  $ python script_with_subparsers_template.py action1 --help
  usage: script_with_subparsers_template.py action1 [-h] [files [files ...]]

  Description for action1

  positional arguments:
    files       Take action1 on files

  optional arguments:
    -h, --help  show this help message and exit

README.rst, after:

Samples
=========

Templates and code snippets for various projects, so creating a new project
does not have to start from scratch

html
----

html5_base.html
  A barebone html5 file

jquery_mobile_base
  A skeleton of jquery mobile web application. You can decide to use the
  development version or the production version of the jquery libraries.

python
------

cherrypy_web_server.py
  A simple web server using CherryPy. It's good for prototyping REST API.

func_with_test.py
  A template for creating functions or classes with unit tests. It's mainly
  used for rapid protyping several functions or classes.

script_template.py
  A template for a python script. It has loggers and a parser boilerplate
  ready.

script_with_subparsers_template.py
  A template for a python script. It has loggers, a parser and subparsers
  boilerplate ready.

simple_no_logging_script_template.py
  A template for a python script without using the logging module. It has a
  parser boilerplate.

sqlalchemy_project
  A starter project for sqlalchemy.

web_client.py
  A simple command line web client. I know curl is the best, but doing it in
  python has much more fun!

java
-----
app-configuration
  A way to solve loading of application properties at runtime by Johannes
  Brodwall. Source:
  http://www.javacodegeeks.com/2014/10/dead-simple-configuration.html
  
javascript
----------
nodejs
~~~~~~
simple-http-server
******************
A sample of simple http server using httpdispatcher
