There are a number of images used in the app code and shown in the pages of this book. Below is a list of the images along with attributions.
If an image is not listed below, it means it's from Google's Material Design library, which can be found within Android Studio.

Appleton Logo (fi_ic_fox.xml) - Icons made by Freepik from www.flaticon.com
https://www.flaticon.com/free-icon/fox_672640

Baraboo Logo (fi_ic_circus.xml) - Icons made by Freepik from www.flaticon.com
https://www.flaticon.com/free-icon/circus_1838455

Eau Claire Logo (fi_ic_lake.xml) - Icons made by Good Ware from www.flaticon.com
https://www.flaticon.com/free-icon/lake_2151296

Green Bay Logo (ic_skyline_logo.xml) - All rights to the Skyline logo belongs to Skyline Technologies, a Core BTS company
https://www.skylinetechnologies.com/

La Crosse Logo (fi_ic_heart.xml) - Icons made by Freepik from www.flaticon.com
https://www.flaticon.com/free-icon/love_2950226

Lake Delton Logo (fi_ic_sea.xml) - Icons made by Freepik from www.flaticon.com
https://www.flaticon.com/free-icon/waves_3219501

Madison Logo (fi_ic_snow_sharp.xml) - Icons made by Good Ware from www.flaticon.com
https://www.flaticon.com/free-icon/snowflake_2834554

Milwaukee Logo (mke_flag.xml) - The Milwaukee logo is from the People's Flag of Milwaukee
https://milwaukeeflag.com

Pewaukee Logo (fi_ic_crown.xml) - Icons made by Freepik from www.flaticon.com
https://www.flaticon.com/free-icon/crown_3141842

Shawano Logo (fi_ic_swallow.xml) - Icons made by Smashicons from www.flaticon.com
https://www.flaticon.com/free-icon/swallow_2484514

Sturgeon Bay Logo (fi_ic_walking_stick.xml) - Icons made by Freepik from www.flaticon.com
https://www.flaticon.com/free-icon/walking-stick_2852351

Spring Green Logo (fi_ic_theater.xml) - Icons made by Smashicons from www.flaticon.com
https://www.flaticon.com/free-icon/theater_1138104

Waukesha Logo (fi_ic_electric_guitar.xml) - Icons made by Freepik from www.flaticon.com
https://www.flaticon.com/free-icon/electric-guitar_836903

Wisconsin Rapids Logo (fi_ic_cranberry.xml) - Icons made by Vitaly Gorbachev from www.flaticon.com
https://www.flaticon.com/free-icon/cranberry_2044976

ABL Logo Background (ic_abl_logo_with_text.xml) - Icons made by smalllikeart from www.flaticon.com
https://www.flaticon.com/free-icon/home-plate_2288316

Scoreboard Icon (mdi_scoreboard_outline.xml) - Icon created by Yaroslav Bandura and found on MaterialDesignIcons.com
https://materialdesignicons.com/icon/scoreboard-outline

Jersey Icon (ic_jersey.xml) - Icons made by Freepik from www.flaticon.com
https://www.flaticon.com/free-icon/baseball-jersey_2591372

Coin (mdi_coin_black_24dp.xml) - Icon from MaterialDesignIcons.com
https://materialdesignicons.com/icon/currency-usd-circle-outline

D6 Die (mdi_dice_6_black_24dp.xml) - Icon created by Yasmina Lembachar for MaterialDesignIcons.com
https://materialdesignicons.com/icon/dice-6